---
layout: default
title: 2019-09-30
---

# Voilà Weekly Meeting

## 2019 / 09 / 30

*Attendees:*

 * Maarten Breddels
 * Sylvain Corlay
 * Martin Renou
 * Wolf Vollprecht
 * Lindsey Heagy
 * Zach Sailer
 * Jeremy Tuloup
 * Andrew Schlaepfer

Updates:

 * governance
 * voilà-reveal
 * full async jupyter-client
 * jupyter-server
 * jupyter-meets-the-earth update
 * open-source directions webinar invitation
 * nbconvert

Notes:

 **Governance**

  - Propose a move to Jupyter?
  - Or create own organization CoC and governance document.

 **Design**

  - New logos applied across the board.

 **Voila Reveal**

  - Marianne Corvellec wrote a new template for slideshows based on RevealJS using the same metadata for notebooks.

 **Full Async**

  - jupyter_client, jupyter_protocol, jupyter_kernel_mgmt

  must be full async to handle multiple voila requests at the same time.

  Kevin Bates is working on that problem in jupyter_client first for the lifetime management of kernels.

 **Jupyter_server**

  - 50-60 PRs from notebook ported to jupyter_server by Zach Sailer.
  - Using jupyter_server in notebook and lab?
      - Brian involved in discussion
      - Should we do it directly in jupyter/notebook and make a major release?
      - Jason, Steve, Brian apparently onboard with the idea.
  - Voila uses a hack on top of pytest to test async code. How can we

 **Relevant Meetings**

  - UC Berkeley met with folks from DoD: lots of interest in voilà, connections to [nbgallery](https://github.com/nbgallery/)
  - Jupyter meets the Earth kick-off meeting today / tomorrow.
  - Lindsey going to SciPy LA: shoutout to voilà - slides??

 **open-source directions**

  - November 8th at 12pm eastern

 **nbconvert**

  - break all the template in voila / nbconvert to enable "hot-swapping" templates between nbconvert and voila.
      - This may be useful to the jupyter-book project as well.

