---
layout: default
title: 2020-02-03
---

## 2020 / 05 / 18

**Attendees**

- Sylvain Corlay
- Jeremy Tuloup
- Vidar Tonaas Fauske
- Jason Grout
- Odile Benassy
- Zach Sailer
- Nicolas Brichet

**Tech**

1. Dissusions on Tim's Pull requests

 - Support of Papermill parameter passing

     - should we make papermill a dependency?
     - language agnisticity of papermill

     - a solution may be to import papermill in a function to prevent a hard dependency.
     - what should be the behavior when parameters are passed and papermill is not present.

 - Prelaunch hook

     - discussed the prelaunch hook PR and usecases.

2. Skipping cells in voilà execution

 - Nicolas would like to be able to skip the execution of cells in voilà. Such cells could be signaled with tags in the notebook UI.

3. Discussions on voila-gridstack

 - PR by Nicolas Brichet (gridstack editor) to be merged soon.
 - PR by Mario about Gridstack configuaration editor to be merged soon.

Both PRs will be integrated into the next voilà-gridstack release.

4. Voilà Preview JupyterLab extension

The master branch now includes the new document extension for the voilà preview, which was developed by Mario, and should be released later this week.

5. Discuss Voilà extension App

- We discussed the progress by David to move to the extension app system by Zach. Ensued a longer discussion on how extension apps, and other server extensions are discovered by the server and how they may override default server settings when used as the said extension is used as the main entry point.

- Another discussion item that is more related to the Jupyter server is how the default "it works" page served when launching `jupyter server` could

  - list enabled server extensions, and the entrypoints that they registered?
  - list browsable entry points that they could advertize with links.

  This page could optionally offer a means to display the configuration of the server?
